Feature: Infer schema type automatically. (#11563)
Automattic/mongoose: docs/typescript/query-helpers.md

Project.find().where('stars').gt(1000).byName('mongoose');
```

> In TypeScript, Mongoose does support manually typed & auto typed Query Helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TypeScript, Mongoose does support manually typed and automatically typed Query Helpers.
```

  // Equivalent to `ProjectModel.find({ stars: { $gt: 1000 }, name: 'mongoose' })`
  await ProjectModel.find().where('stars').gt(1000).byName('mongoose');
}
```

2- Automatically typed:

> Mongoose does support auto typed Query Helpers that it is supplied in schema options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mongoose does support auto typed Query Helpers that it are supplied in schema options.
```
